# Magic Man

## Relic

***Binding***(*cannot lose, change or give*)
*Magic Dice*: At start of battle, gain 10 **Magics**。Card or relics with **Magic** need a *check*(DC = **Magics**) to take effect. *Critical Success* makes double effect and *Critical Failure* makes u take 6 damage.

***Starting***
*Good Eat*: At end of battle, gain an extra chance to get a **Magic** card.

***Boss***
*"Perfect" Graphics*: **Magic**. Gain 1 **Energy** at start of turn.

***Common***
*Middle Part*: At start of battle, gain 3 **Magics**; *check* +3.

***Uncommon***
*Eastern Leaf*: When *check* failed, lose 1 **Magics** and gain 3 **Block**.

***Rare***
*Speeding*：Each turn, the first *check* +1d20.

## Card

### Attack

***Starting***
*Strike*: 1. Deal 6(9) damage.
*Magic Strike*: 0. **Magic**. Deal **Magics**  damage.
*Random Speaking*: 1. Deal 1d4(6) + 2 damage; gain 1d4(6) **Magics**.

***Common***
*Teamkill*: 0. Take 3(5) damage; gain 3(5) **Vigor** and 3(5) **Magics**.
*Brain-dead Strike*: X. **Magic**. Deal (X + 1(2)) $\cdot$ 6 damage to ALL enemies. Always -> **Discard** ALL cards in hand.
*Difficult to Beng*: 0. Deal 5(8) damage. This turn **Magics**-1 when *check* failed.
*wrud*: 0. **Innate**. Deal 2 damage and gain 2 **Block**. Each *Shuffle* doubles the damage and **Block**.
*nia*: 0. Deal 3(5) damage. Return to hand after playing an attack which cost is not 0.

***Uncommon***
*Magic And Magic*: 1. **Magic**. Deal 9(12) damage. Each *Success check* leads to 1 more **Magic** and another *check* for 1 more attack.
*Good Morning*: 0. **Innate**. **Magic**. Deal 12(16) damage to ALL enemies. Each play increases 1 **Energy**.
*Rush Rush*: 1. Deal 11(15) damage; draw 1 card. After played, the cost change to 0 in this turn.
*Are You Hitting?*: 2. **Exhausted**. **Magic**. Deal 25(33) damage. Always -> If the enemy is intended to attack, add *Good At Hitting* to hand.
*Deer Crash*: 5. Deal 16 damage to ALL 2(3) times; draw 2(3) cards and **Discard** 2 cards.

**Rare**
*Brilliant Appearence*: 0. **Exhausted**. **Magic**. Deal 18(24) damage; Gain 3(5) **Magics**. Failed -> Gain double **Magics**.
*Murmur*: 2. **Exhaust** ALL other attacks in hand, each gain 1 **Energy** and deal 7(10) damage.
*Light Cast*: 3. Can be played only when **Magics** lower than 5. Deal 16(22) damage to ALL and kill ALL enemies whose health is lower than 16.
*Food Share*: 1. **Magic**. Deal half of **Magics** amount of damage 3(4) times. Failed -> Lose half of the **Magics**.

### Skill

***Starting***
*Defend*: 1. Gain 5(8) **Block**.
*Magic Defend*: 1. **Magic**. Gain **Magics** + 5(8) **Block**.
*Exactly*: 1. Lose 2(3) **Magic**; draw 1 card.

***Common***
*Man*: 0. Gain 5(8) **Block**. Add a copy to draw pile after played.
*Magic Spread*: 2. **Exhaust**. Let an enemy make a *saving check*(DC = **Magics**); if *save failed*, get **Dazed**.
*Milk Dragon Cry*: 0. **Exhausted**. **Magic**. Gain 6(8) **Block**. *Failed* -> Still gain half. Return to hand when taken damage.
*what can i say*: 0. **~~Exhausted~~**. Can be played only when **Energy** is 0. **Discard** ALL cards in hand and draw untill full.

***Uncommon***
*checkcheck*: 0. **Magic**. Gain 2 [E].
*niu*: 0. **Exhausted**. Double 1(2) of the buffs or debuffs randomly.
*Word For Word*: 1(0). **Exhaust** ALL cards in hand; add equal amount of random cards to hand.
*So Handsome, Bro!*: 2. **Exhausted**. (**Retain**.) Gain 16 **Block**; Can be played only when **Magics** $\geq$ 16.
*What a Life*: 1. Gain 3(4) **Block** when *check* failed this turn.
*Good At Hitting*: 2. **Exhausted**. Gain 21(28) **Block**; add *Are You Hitting?* to draw pile.
*Little Man Language*: 3(2). This turn, ALL cards in hand reduce cost by 1.
*[/yx]*: 0. **Magic**. Gain 1(2) **Energy**.
*Roll Man*: 1. Draw 2(3) cards; obtain *advantage* for next turn.
*You Are Attack God!*: 1. **Magic**. If an enemy is intended to attack, gain 1(2) **Buffer**; Failed -> Gain 1 Vulnerable.

***Rare***
*Just Random Deer*: 1. Gain 2(3) **Resistance**. Cannot play **Magic** cards next turn.
*Hit Magic*: 0. Next turn, *check* +1d4.
*I Am Magic Man*: 0. **Exausted**. Increase  **Magics** by 5. Next *check* result is always *Success*(*Critical Success*).

### Power

***Uncommon***
*+1*: 1. Draw 1 card after *Critical Success*(*Success*).
*Woodie Man*: 2. Clear ALL other buffs except **Strength** and **Dexterity**; gain 2(3) **Strength** and 1 **Resistance**.
*[/wul/wul/wul]*: 1. Each time *check*, gain 3(4) **Block**.
*Magic Detection*: 0. Whenever an enemy makes a *saving check*, deal 2(3) damage.

***Rare***
*Magic Form*: 3. **Magic**. Gain 10 **Magics**; obtain *advantage* and +10 for ALL *check*. (*Failed* -> Still gain 5 **Magics** and +5 for ALL *check*.)
*Everything is emoji*: 2. At start of turn, a random enemy should pass a *saving check*, otherwise he would lose 1 **Strength**.
